[Pages] How to specify root directory in get started (#1882)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/pages/src/content/getting-started/index.md

#### Build settings

Depending on the framework, tool, or project you are deploying to Cloudflare Pages, you will need to specify the site's **Build command** and **Build output directory** to tell Cloudflare Pages how to deploy your site.

Our deployment dashboard provides a number of presets, which are pre-filling values for many common deployment scenarios. If you are unsure what the correct values are for this section, refer to our documentation on [build configuration](/platform/build-configuration).

![Build settings](./images/build-settings.png)

> Cloudflare Pages will deploy files that are stored in the root of your Github repository. If your content files are stored in a folder of your repository, specify this path in the **Root directory (advanced)** > **Path** field.

Author: ```suggestion
Cloudflare Pages begins by working from your repository's root directory. The entire build pipeline, including the installation steps, will begin from this location. If you would like to change this, specify a new root directory location through the **Root directory (advanced)** > **Path** field.
```

> ![Root directory](root-directory.png)

Reviewer: You'll need to fix the image link.
